I did it to save lives.
What's there to be embarrassed about?
Miss Zheng
How is the prince
Wang Ye's poison is basically the first sister
Just need to recuperate
I will leave a prescription
Remember to give him decoction
Remember to tell him when the prince wakes up
Do not move the palace within three days
Emperor Jiang Wanyue was saved by the King of Sacrifice
And took a live one
waste
Shangguan Bank first
Then Jiangyuan
Jiang Wanle again
Tell me about yourself.
What else can you do?
Your Majesty forgives his sins
This slave?
One more piece of good news
There has been a breakthrough in the matter of the emperor's elixir
It's just that follow-up pharmaceuticals require more lives
Isn't the capital full of people?
That room can contribute something to me
Is their blessing